The gstep_guile library lets you use (and extend) the GNUstep libraries
from within Guile.  This effectively provides you with scripting
language for GNUstep and an interactive system for developing GNUstep
applications.

   You can find out more about GNUstep at `http://www.gnustep.org'
You can find out more about Guile at `http://www.red-bean.com/guile/' or
`http://www.fsf.org/software/guile/guile.html'

   The package provides a (trivial) program which, when compiled and
linked with libguile, libgstep_guile, and the GNUstep toolkit
libraries, will give you a Guile command-line interpreter from which
you can create Objective-C classes and objects and send messages to
them.

   The motivation for the development of this package was primarily to
see if it was feasible to produce a better regression testing
environment for the GNUstep libraries than that provided by dejagnu -
but its potential uses go far beyond that.

   This is *not* intended as a better libguileobjc, rather, it is
specifically altered to work with the GNUstep libraries (or possibly
other OpenStep based systems) and assumes that it will be built and
used in the presence of an OpenStep foundation.  For this reason, most
symbols used by the library have been renamed to have a 'gstep' prefix
rather than the 'objc' prefix used by libguileobjc.  While making the
library depend on OpenStep may seem like a restriction, it does permit
the library to provide many more facilities for use with GNUstep.

   Reade the NEWS file for the latest user visible changes. Read the
INSTALL file for installation instructions.

